We will work the next color in
any point, let's start
we raise
our first whole on any
of the integers
ok three chains do not replace the first
whole ok now we are going to add a
then let's do whole
chains
whole
every
chain in the only place that we're not going to
do that is in the last
the last and the first we will knit
together
in half we weave the last the first
protect with half and close it
together and there we make head
let's start then number 2
from number 2 to number 8 we will knit
whole chains
whole
chain
chain so let's weave the 7's
center
ok we still need a little bit
when we get to number 9
and we have weave 7 integers and string 1 2 3
4 5 6 7
ok when we get to 9
we make the whole point halfway
the next one we're going to make the point
whole in half we close them together and
do it again so let's chain
make our beginnings and finals
so that we stay together then we
will be
look, we have a little wave with start and
so let's continue working
until also again finishing this
row we see each other when we have
finished the row